doc: Update the required-permissions.md (#126)
trendmicro/cloudone-filestorage-deployment-templates: aws/required-permissions.md

# User permissions for deployment

> Users need to have specific permissions to execute the deployment, update, and delete. The file [deployment-role-policy.json](deployment-role-policy.json) and [deployment-role-policy-for-account-scanner.json](deployment-role-policy-for-account-scanner.json) contain the specific permissions that the users need to deploy the CloudFormation templates. You can use a broad, permissive policy such as `AdministratorAccess` and the deployment will work, but we recommend restricting roles to only the permissions required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users need to have specific permissions to deploy, update, and delete. The file [deployment-role-policy.json](deployment-role-policy.json) and [deployment-role-policy-for-account-scanner.json](deployment-role-policy-for-account-scanner.json) contain the specific permissions that users need to deploy the CloudFormation templates. We recommend restricting roles to only the permissions required rather than a broad, permissive policy such as `AdministratorAccess` .
```

> Users need to have specific permissions to execute the deployment, update, and delete. The file [deployment-role-policy.json](deployment-role-policy.json) and  [deployment-role-policy-for-account-scanner.json](deployment-role-policy-for-account-scanner.json) contain the specific permissions that the users need to deploy the CloudFormation templates. You can use a broad, permissive policy such as `AdministratorAccess`, and the deployment will work, but we recommend that roles are restricted to only the permissions required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users need to have specific permissions to execute the deployment, update, and delete. The file [deployment-role-policy.json](deployment-role-policy.json) and [deployment-role-policy-for-account-scanner.json](deployment-role-policy-for-account-scanner.json) contain the specific permissions that the users need to deploy the CloudFormation templates. You can use a broad, permissive policy such as `AdministratorAccess`, and the deployment will work, but we recommend that roles are restricted to only the permissions required.
```

| `sqs:GetQueueAttributes` | Action | Gets the attributes of the `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
| `sqs:ReceiveMessage` | Action | Receives messages from the `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
| `sqs:SendMessage` | Action | Sends scan messages to the `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
| `ssm:GetParameter` | Action | Retrieves values in AWS Systems Manager that Cloud One File Storage Security created |
| `sts:AssumeRole` | Action | Grants to different principals the permission to switch roles created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
| `s3:DeleteObject` | Action | Removes the malicious object from the scanning bucket after being quarantined |
| `s3:GetObject` | Action | Retrieves the object to be scanned or quarantined from Amazon S3 |
| `s3:GetObjectTagging` | Action | Lists the tags of the scanned object |
| `s3:PutObject` | Action | Puts the malicious object in the quarantine bucket |
| `s3:PutObjectTagging` | Action | Puts tags on the scanned object |

> ### Permissions required by ManagementRole

Reviewer 3: The ManagementRole's permissions should be covered in above sections. Why would we need this section?

Author: I would like to put ManagementRole's permissions in the independent section is that these permissions are used by **Cloud One File Storage Security** to manage the stack. 
The rest of the permissions in `### Permissions required by account scanner stack` are used by the **resources** to scan/ tag/ quarantine... and so on. 

External users/ customers might more care about the ManagementRole's permissions, so I put it into the independent section.

Reviewer 3: Got it. I'm confused because only account scanner's is separated, but it's okay for now.

| `s3:PutObjectTagging` | Action | Put tags on the scanned object. |
| `sqs:SendMessage` | Action | Send scan messages to the `ScannerQueue`. |
| [AWSLambdaVPCAccessExecutionRole](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/policies/arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AWSLambdaVPCAccessExecutionRole$jsonEditor?) | Managed Policy | **Optional.** Provides minimum permissions for a Lambda function to execute while accessing a resource within a VPC - create, describe, delete network interfaces and write permissions to CloudWatch Logs. |

## FSS Account Scanner Stack

### Permissions required by account scanner stack

> > **Note:** The Permissions for ManagementRole used by Cloud One File Storage Security to maintain the account scanner stack are put into next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The ManagementRole permissions that Cloud One File Storage Security uses to maintain the account scanner stack are in the section after this one.
```

| Permission | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | [AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/policies/arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole$jsonEditor) | Managed Policy | Provides write permissions for a Lambda function to CloudWatch Logs. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/policies/arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole$jsonEditor) | Managed Policy | Provides write permissions for a Lambda function to CloudWatch Logs |
```
The third column contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period.

> | `cloudformation:DescribeStacks` | Action | Describe the stacks created by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloudformation:DescribeStacks` | Action | Describes the stacks created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

| `events:PutEvents` | Action | **Optional.** Put events from different accounts to the EventBridge default event bus in the same account and region as the account scanner. |

> | `kms:Decrypt` | Action | **Optional.** Decrypt messages from encrypted `ScannerDLQ`, `PostScanActionDLQ`, s3 Bucket, or Data key for scan result encryption. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `kms:Decrypt` | Action | **Optional.** Decrypts messages from encrypted `ScannerDLQ`, `PostScanActionDLQ`, s3 Bucket, or Data key for scan result encryption |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `kms:GenerateDataKey` | Action | **Optional.** Generate a Data key used to encrypt the scan result messages sent to `ScanResultTopic` or the error messages sent to encrypted `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `kms:GenerateDataKey` | Action | **Optional.** Generates a Data key used to encrypt the scan result messages sent to `ScanResultTopic` or the error messages sent to encrypted `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `lambda:CreateAlias` | Action | Create an alias for Lambda functions created by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:CreateAlias` | Action | Creates an alias for Lambda functions created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `lambda:DeleteAlias` | Action | Delete the alias of Lambda functions created by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:DeleteAlias` | Action | Deletes the alias of Lambda functions created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

| `lambda:GetFunctionConfiguration` | Action | Retrieve the configuration of Lambda functions created by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

> | `lambda:GetLayerVersion` | Action | Retrieve the information of a version of the Lambda layers created or managed by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:GetLayerVersion` | Action | Retrieves the information of a version of the Lambda layers created or managed by Cloud One File Storage Security |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `lambda:InvokeFunction` | Action | Let AWS service `EventBridge` and `SNS` invoke the Lambda functions created by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:InvokeFunction` | Action | Lets AWS service `EventBridge` and `SNS` invoke the Lambda functions created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `lambda:PublishVersion` | Action | Publish a new version of the Lambda functions created by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:PublishVersion` | Action | Publishes a new version of the Lambda functions created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `lambda:UpdateAlias` | Action | Update the alias of Lambda functions created by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:UpdateAlias` | Action | Updates the alias of Lambda functions created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `lambda:UpdateFunctionConfiguration` | Action | Update the configuration of Lambda functions created by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:UpdateFunctionConfiguration` | Action | Updates the configuration of Lambda functions created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

| `organizations:DescribeOrganization` | Action | Retrieve information about the organization that the current AWS account belongs to. |

> | `sns:Publish` | Action | Publish a message to a `ScanResultTopic` created by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sns:Publish` | Action | Publishes a message to a `ScanResultTopic` created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `sqs:DeleteMessage` | Action | Delete messages from the `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` created by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sqs:DeleteMessage` | Action | Deletes messages from the `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `sqs:GetQueueAttributes` | Action | Get the attributes of the `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` created by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sqs:GetQueueAttributes` | Action | Gets the attributes of the `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `sqs:ReceiveMessage` | Action | Receive messages from the `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` created by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sqs:ReceiveMessage` | Action | Receives messages from the `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `sqs:SendMessage` | Action | Send scan messages to the `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` created by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sqs:SendMessage` | Action | Sends scan messages to the `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` created by Cloud One File Storage Security |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

| `ssm:GetParameter` | Action | Retrieve values in AWS Systems Manager that Cloud One File Storage Security created. |
| `sts:AssumeRole` | Action | Grant the permissions to different principals to switch roles created by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

> | `s3:DeleteObject` | Action | Remove the malicious object from the scanning bucket after being quarantined. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `s3:DeleteObject` | Action | Removes the malicious object from the scanning bucket after being quarantined |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `s3:GetObject` | Action | Retrieve the object to be scanned or quarantined from Amazon S3. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `s3:GetObject` | Action | Retrieves the object to be scanned or quarantined from Amazon S3 |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `s3:GetObjectTagging` | Action | List the tags of the scanned object. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `s3:GetObjectTagging` | Action | Lists the tags of the scanned object |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `s3:PutObject` | Action | Put the malicious object to quarantine bucket. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `s3:PutObject` | Action | Puts the malicious object in the quarantine bucket |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `s3:PutObjectTagging` | Action | Put tags on the scanned object. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `s3:PutObjectTagging` | Action | Puts tags on the scanned object |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

### Permissions required by ManagementRole

| Permission | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `cloudformation:CreateChangeSet` | Action | Creates a list of changes that will be applied to a stack so that you can review the changes before executing them. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloudformation:CreateChangeSet` | Action | Creates a list of changes that will be applied to a stack so that you can review the changes before executing them |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period.

> | `cloudformation:DescribeStacks` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloudformation:DescribeStacks` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `cloudformation:DescribeStackEvents` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the events in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloudformation:DescribeStackEvents` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the events in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `cloudformation:DescribeStackResource` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the deployed resources in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloudformation:DescribeStackResource` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the deployed resources in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `cloudformation:DescribeStackResources` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the deployed resources in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloudformation:DescribeStackResources` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the deployed resources in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

| `cloudformation:DetectStackDrift` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to detect the drift of the managed account scanner stack. |

> | `cloudformation:DetectStackResourceDrift` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to detect the drift of the deployed resources in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloudformation:DetectStackResourceDrift` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to detect the drift of the deployed resources in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `cloudformation:DescribeStackResourceDrifts` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the drift of the deployed resources in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloudformation:DescribeStackResourceDrifts` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the drift of the deployed resources in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `cloudformation:GetStackPolicy` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to get the managed account scanner stack policy. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloudformation:GetStackPolicy` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to get the managed account scanner stack policy |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `cloudformation:GetTemplate` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to get the template of the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloudformation:GetTemplate` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to get the template of the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `cloudformation:ListStackResources` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to list the deployed resources in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloudformation:ListStackResources` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to list the deployed resources in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `iam:GetRolePolicy` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to get the management role policies. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `iam:GetRolePolicy` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to get the management role policies |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `lambda:CreateAlias` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to create an alias for Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:CreateAlias` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to create an alias for Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `lambda:DeleteAlias` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to delete the alias of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:DeleteAlias` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to delete the alias of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `lambda:GetAlias` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the alias of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:GetAlias` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the alias of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `lambda:GetEventSourceMapping` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the event source mapping of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:GetEventSourceMapping` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the event source mapping of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `lambda:GetFunction` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:GetFunction` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `lambda:GetFunctionConcurrency` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the concurrency configuration of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:GetFunctionConcurrency` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the concurrency configuration of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `lambda:GetFunctionConfiguration` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the configuration of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:GetFunctionConfiguration` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the configuration of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

| `lambda:GetLayerVersion` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the information of a version of the Lambda layers created or managed by Cloud One File Storage Security. |

> | `lambda:GetProvisionedConcurrencyConfig` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage to describe the provisioned concurrency configuration of a Lambda function in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:GetProvisionedConcurrencyConfig` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage to describe the provisioned concurrency configuration of a Lambda function in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

| `lambda:ListAliases` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to list the aliases of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

> | `lambda:ListProvisionedConcurrencyConfigs` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to list the provisioned concurrency configurations of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:ListProvisionedConcurrencyConfigs` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to list the provisioned concurrency configurations of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `lambda:ListVersionsByFunction` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to list the versions of the Lambda layers of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:ListVersionsByFunction` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to list the versions of the Lambda layers of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `lambda:PublishVersion` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to publish a new version of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:PublishVersion` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to publish a new version of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

| `lambda:UpdateFunctionCode` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to update the code of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

> | `lambda:UpdateAlias` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to update the alias of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lambda:UpdateAlias` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to update the alias of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

| `lambda:UpdateFunctionConfiguration` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to update the configuration of Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |
| `logs:DescribeLogStreams` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to describe the log streams of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

> | `logs:FilterLogEvents` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to filter the log events of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `logs:FilterLogEvents` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to filter the log events of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `logs:GetLogEvents` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to get the log events of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `logs:GetLogEvents` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to get the log events of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner `stack` |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

Author: About your suggestion, Is it necessary to add an apostrophe for the word `stack`?

Reviewer: No. That is odd; I didn't intentionally add quotes around stack. It may be a GitHub quirk. Please ignore that and apply no formatting to the word.

> | `logs:GetQueryResults` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to get the log query results of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `logs:GetQueryResults` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to get the log query results of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `logs:StartQuery` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to start a log query of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `logs:StartQuery` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to start a log query of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `logs:StopQuery` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to stop a log query of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `logs:StopQuery` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to stop a log query of the Lambda functions in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `sqs:GetQueueAttributes` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to describe and get the attributes of the `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sqs:GetQueueAttributes` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to describe and get the attributes of the `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `sqs:ListDeadLetterSourceQueues` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to list the source queues of `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sqs:ListDeadLetterSourceQueues` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to list the source queues of `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `sqs:SetQueueAttributes` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to set the attributes of the `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sqs:SetQueueAttributes` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to set the attributes of the `ScannerDLQ` and `PostScanActionDLQ` in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `ssm:GetParameter` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to retrieve values about the managed account scanner stack in AWS Systems Manager that Cloud One File Storage Security created. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ssm:GetParameter` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to retrieve values about the managed account scanner stack in AWS Systems Manager that Cloud One File Storage Security created |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".

> | `sts:AssumeRole` | Action | Allow Cloud One File Storage Security to grant the permissions to access this role to maintain the resources in the managed account scanner stack. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sts:AssumeRole` | Action | Allows Cloud One File Storage Security to grant the permissions to access this role to maintain the resources in the managed account scanner stack |
```
The third cell in this row contains a clause phrase, not a full sentence, so doesn't require a period. The verb form should be the same for each clause in this column. Because the implied subject (the managed policy) is singular, the verb should be singular which typically ends in "s".
